Add wayland-compatible on-screen keyboard installation instructions (#3540)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/accessories/display/display_intro.adoc

== Raspberry Pi Touch Display

The https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-touch-display/[Raspberry Pi Touch Display] is an LCD display that connects to the Raspberry Pi using the DSI connector. You can use both the Touch Display and an HDMI display output at the same time.

.The Raspberry Pi 7-inch Touch Display
image::images/display.png[The Raspberry Pi 7-inch Touch Display, width="70%"]

> The Touch Display is compatible with all models of Raspberry Pi. However, the earliest Raspberry Pi models lack appropriate mounting holes, requiring additional mounting hardware to fit the stand-offs on the display PCB.

Reviewer: ...except the Raspberry Pi Zero and Zero 2 W, which lack the DSI connector?

Author: ```suggestion
The Touch Display is compatible with all models of Raspberry Pi except the Raspberry Pi Zero and Zero 2 W, which lack a DSI connector. The earliest Raspberry Pi models lack appropriate mounting holes, requiring additional mounting hardware to fit the stand-offs on the display PCB.
```
Good call.

* Outer dimensions: 192.96 × 110.76mm
* Viewable area: 154.08 × 85.92mm

> WARNING: The Raspberry Pi 5 does not support automatic display configuration. To attach a display to the `CAM/DISP 1` connector, add `dtoverlay=vc4-kms-dsi-7inch` to `/boot/firmware/config.txt`. To attach a display to the `CAM/DISP 0` connector, add `dtoverlay=vc4-kms-dsi-7inch,dsi0`. Reboot with `sudo reboot` to load the new configuration.

Reviewer: I believe this **is** now working automatically, with no need for config.txt edits.

Author: ```suggestion
```
Excellent, thanks! Got caught up in a merge conflict and I didn't want to chance losing this if it was important. Turns out we removed it for a reason.
